Remove invalid Reference to the functions (#191)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-cache: cache-ballerina/Module.md

The Cache entries will be evicted in case of the following scenarios:

- When using the `get` API, if the returning cache entry has expired, it gets removed.

> - When using the `put` API, if the cache size has reached its capacity, the number of entries get removed based on the `eviction policy` and the `eviction factor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the `put` API, if the cache size has reached its capacity, the number of entries that gets removed will be based on the `eviction policy` and the `eviction factor`.
```
